I don't know how much rain we got
last night. It rained and rained and
rained over Tulsa and Oklahoma. So, our
prayers are working. I am so excited
about all the rain we're getting. Two days
in a row we had rain. So, I am excited
about all this rain we're getting.
I'll just take about an
hour or so. I'll try not to keep you
very long because it's already late. But
I'll pray until the Holy Spirit releases
me to quit. But I'm just going to jump
right in the river tonight with y'all,
and we're going to take communion and
do our
service here, getting ready for Easter.
Tomorrow is Easter, Resurrection Sunday.
Isn't this a wonderful time? Jesus came,
and He suffered, and He died for every
single one of us to walk in victory. And
so I'm so excited that you're here
already. There's
1,300 here,
and so I guess we'll go ahead, 1,400 now.
I got to talk to my friend Billy Burke
the last two days in a row.
You know, when you get to know
somebody, and finally,
there's that
'trying to figure people
out'mode,
and then you get to the
point where you let your wall
down, and you're able to really talk to
somebody and be real.
That's where I feel like I'm finally
able to really talk and be real. And
it's so nice to have a friend that's an
elder, that is
polished.
It's taken a while, but I'm going to
tell you, that man is anointed of God.
And every time I talk to him, I glean
so much from him because of the shadows
that he's been able to walk underneath.
Kathryn Kuhlman, Oral
Roberts—some
of the greatest generals of
faith that we know in any
generation. I'm talking Oral Roberts and
Kathryn Kuhlman alone are amazing. And
just being able to
have that opportunity to listen to
somebody that has that kind of wisdom is
over the top.
And
I just want to sit and go,
'Okay, praise God.'I feel like if I
could just sit there and
take notes.
The stories of healings, the stories of
Oral Roberts, the stories of
Kathryn Kuhlman, and the richness of
the faith
is just beautiful.
He's having a meeting, and I want to
encourage everybody, if you live in the
Tennessee area, next weekend he is
going to be in Tennessee at Harvest
Church. He'll be at Harvest Church, I
believe is the church in Tennessee.
And you can go to Billy Burke
and look at his itinerary. And he's
going to be at Harvest Church. And he's
doing a Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday meeting.
Two on Sunday, and then I
believe every night after that for the
services. And if you're believing God
for healing, and you're believing God
for a breakthrough in your life, I
encourage you to go and just drink from
the well that never runs dry.
It blesses me every time.
So, all right, are you ready?
Okay.
All right. I believe we have enough
now. We'll start. Well, good evening,
family. Thank you for joining us again
today.
Right off the bat, if
you're new here and you've never liked, subscribed,
or clicked
the notification
bell, please do that right now for us.
We're believing for a million men and
women harvest of prayer warriors
and the global outreach of reaching
the lost for Jesus. Over the month
of March, we had thousands of people
come to Jesus on this channel. And it's
so exciting to come into the month of
April and start off fresh. I had this
illustration from the Lord as I was
going through a drive-thru today, getting
the kids something to drink,
and He showed me this, because
as I keep
going with this YouTube, it's
like, first and foremost, you know,
that we are a YouTube channel that is a
church. And so we're so thankful for
everybody who comes and is a part of
this, and
prays with us, and does online church with us,
and does all this. It's amazing.
He spoke to me about buying a
theater in Branson, Missouri.
And so I'm really praying about having a
facility, and moving part-time, having a
place, going to Branson, and buying a
theater in Branson. The Lord
spoke to me, and Diana and I are praying over
this. So I really want you to pray about
this: a 1,500-seat auditorium
to hold prayer meetings and
healing services
that Billy Burke would come to, and have
a central
location, because he's looking for a place
he can come to in the central part of America.
He's already on the East Coast and
in
Florida a lot. Having a place
that he would maybe have a facility with
us to do a healing service, and have
something maybe every quarter, maybe
once a month. I don't know. He said he'd pray
about it, but it was already on my
heart. Even if he doesn't do it,
it's already in my heart to buy a
theater in Branson with 1,500 seats
to hold prayer meetings with Sister
Billye
Brim and Hannah and the family,
and doing prayer conferences, teaching
prayer, teaching
healing, and demonstrations and
manifestations of the glory. So if you
are interested, pray for me,
because this is a major step for us to
really try to step out.
If this is what God is wanting me to do,
to go and buy a theater in Branson
and do this. So, it's something that's
on my heart. I brought it to Billy today,
and we talked for a long time about it,
and he's like, 'Brandon, I've always
wanted a theater.'So this would be
amazing. So just pray about it,
y'all, and lift me up concerning
this, because this is something that
would be a major deal for me, to
move my family to Branson to be a
part of this end-time great revival, and
still come back and forth to Tulsa. I
love Tulsa. I love Glorious. I love
this. But just trying to figure out
where the Lord wants me.
I feel a shifting. I feel a change
coming. And so I believe doing live
prayer meetings, not just on
YouTube—because
the Lord said you'll still do YouTube,
but it's about time for you to
branch out. I saw four angels, and the
Lord spoke to me about these four angels
in my prayer time, about them starting to
work with me. And now, I don't know what
that means for healings, bringing
forth body parts, bringing forth
organs and things out of the
spirit realm, and bringing them into the natural,
working with my ministry to bring
creative miracles like we see with other
healing platforms. And I truly
believe in the days ahead, Jesus, in this
end-time
movement, we're about to see
things we've never seen before. And
I just want a facility, as I was
praying about it, of a theater
to
hold big meetings. I thought, what
better way? Not a tent, because I've
been offered tents, you know, and I
thought it
would
be hot outside in the summer.
But wouldn't it be nice to have an
air-conditioned building,
to have a facility of 1,500 seats plus,
you know, maybe we could find something
for 2,500,
I don't know,
and believe God for the money, and
then go and do this, and be able
to have air conditioning, heating in
the winter, and hold
services.
So, something to pray about. That's what
we're praying about. And Billy Burke's
praying with me, and thinking
about what we could do to hold services.
We thought about the Mabee, maybe, but I
was like, 'Yeah, we could do that one
time and see what it's like and see who
all shows up.'But I thought, what
would it be like to have something maybe
once a month
at a healing facility or something, you
know? I don't know.
Just throwing some ideas out
there, telling you what I'm thinking
about doing for our ministry,
teaching people
prayer, and
I don't know. I just really like
Branson. There's a lot of hotels there.
There's a lot of fun things to do for
people. Go to Silver Dollar City,
maybe take a vacation, they can go
over there and have
buffets and things to do.
The
Riverwalk,
and you go down there
and go to the Bass Pro Shop, and get a
coffee, and go to different things.
It's fun, you know. I love the old
bluegrass and the old banjos, and the
fun things that they do in
Branson,
and Diana and I were just praying
about it. I love Sister Billye Brim, and
she's been a spiritual mother to me,
and I thought, you know, being around
her in these latter stages of her
life, and grabbing ahold of things
like that, and
wisdom from somebody from the WWP leader,
Worldwide Prayer, and just grabbing
ahold
of this. She texted me this
morning, or whenever it was, about the
attacks
that have been announced by ISIS
concerning America and the churches
tomorrow.
So, we're going to pray right off the
bat for the churches tomorrow. Sunday
services for Easter around the world,
around Europe, around
America, Australia, and so on. This is
the ISIS calls. Do you show this? Is it
ready?
ISIS calls on Muslims to set fire to
churches and synagogues across US,
Europe, for Easter Sunday.
This is what the Lord showed us.
Remember I told you,
Passover,
Good Friday, and Easter. Now, we've
passed through two of them,
and I don't see anything that's
happened.
So I believe prayer is working. But even
as they have called on the news to those
that are doubters of what the Lord has
called us to do, to raise up a standard
against the demonic that is trying to
come against our nation. Now they're
announcing what they want their idiots
to do to our nation. So we know we're
on track when we pray it before and
then we see it in the news, to the
people who don't believe that the
Lord is talking to us. This is what
we're talking about. It's right here in
the news.
This is what we're called to do. We're
going to pray against this. They're
calling for them to do this.
So, we heard this back two weeks, three weeks
ago. And the Lord said, 'Pray over the
first, second, third, fourth, and
fifth,'which
is tomorrow. Praying over this
nation. And then for the marathon in
Boston on the 20th, praying over the
Boston Marathon, praying over the
synagogues, praying over the
gatherings of Easter egg hunts and
things like that. So, I'm so thankful
you're here tonight. And then another
thing that I thought was interesting
to keep you up to date where we are.
We have... where is this right here?
Show them the other thing about the...
Yes. I want to
show this now. What did I tell you, that
they would have a sleight of hand?
They're going to say a lot about this
over here,
because they're doing something over
here. This will start to come out, which
is about aliens,
false aliens, all this stuff.
Aliens, demons, and all this stuff.
I said, when they start to release
this,
they're doing something major over here,
but this over here used to be major to
them. But because now this isn't major
anymore, we can release this, because
this over here is bigger. But I said,
as Jesus told me when I
went to tribulation with Him, He said,
right before I come back,
they're going to talk about aliens a
lot, but there's no such thing as
aliens. This is fallen demonic
Nephilim demonic stuff. As the days
of Noah, so will it be in the end times.
It's the same game plan
to deceive the nations for what's about
to take place.
Well, listen to this man. This is a
senator, right? A senator or
congressman.
Yeah, like the House or
Senate. I don't know who it is, but
he's in the government. Now, I
want you to hear this interview. What
was said today, yesterday?
'I don't have the tin foil hat on just
yet, Congressman, but I'm wondering,
you know, kind of how you react to that
because you are connected. You're on the
UFO subcommittee. I mean, I'm just
wondering what you make of that. Have
you heard anything like
that?''Well,
I'm still a member of Congress,
so I can't really comment too much on
what Matt said.
But I will say
this.''Wait,
seriously? Are you being
serious?''I've
been
100% serious. I've been
briefed by just about every alphabet
agency there is. And
I'll just tell you this, if they would
release
the things that I've seen,
you'd be up at
night worrying or thinking about
this stuff. We just need to disclose it
all. I'm sick of it.
Well, I was briefed... I'll just
tell you this. I was briefed last week
on an issue—or excuse me, two weeks
ago—and
it would have set the earth on
end.
This country would have come
unglued, I think, if they would have
heard all that I heard. They would
demand answers,
and we need to, but you know,
unfortunately,
it just keeps getting
covered up. And the people
that know are dying or disappearing, as
the case may
be.''Wow.''And
for the record, I'm not suicidal,
and I don't take
risks.''I'm
glad you said that. I'm
speechless, Congressman.'We
are
back.
You
should be. And I told the president,
"Release it all."The problem is the
people around the president
don't know the questions, and the president doesn't
know the questions to ask.
A few of us are going to have to get
with the president and tell him what he
needs to ask and where he needs to look.
I mean, you know, we're in
meetings and they give addresses and
tell locations of items, I'll just
say.
And the public has a right to know,
dadgummit, but it's your tax dollars.
Absolutely. You got my attention,
Congressman. I appreciate you
being as forthcoming as you have been
tonight, and we look forward to having
you back. Look, I know Donald Trump
wants to disclose something. He hasn't
done it yet, but I think he wants to be
the president to do that. Tim Burchett,
thank you. He
does.
Did you just hear what he just said?
This is what I told you was coming.
The Lord warned us.
It's amazing what we get in prayer is
seen on the news. And this is on Newsmax.
That man said something. I'm like, this
is what I warned you about. I said,
I saw alien stuff. I saw an actual
alien interview that is a fallen
Nephilim demonic spirit that will come
on to deceive the nations in the days
ahead, that will look like a log
creature.
And I said, "Then I saw something over the
Vatican and over the Mayan
temples."And
I said, "It will be so big."And I said,
"You're going to see all kinds of fearful
sights."And
I saw this heavyset lady
with a sign saying, "Welcome to
Earth."And
she had signs as they were
talking to these alien balls of light in
the sky. "Welcome to
Earth,"she
said. And they had weird tinfoil hats on
people. I'm telling you, this is going to
shake the nations. Well, here we go.
Here's another thing. And I said, there
are
actual lizard people.
I said, there
are
five major bloodlines of different
kinds
of lizard people
that are reptilian.
And people are like, "Oh, Brandon, I'm
telling you, I've seen some dark
stuff."And
I've been instructed by some of my
peers
to keep some of the things that I see
and the details more wrapped up. And
I've tried to be as bold as a lion as I
can for what God has shown me
because I feel you need to be shaken to
awaken.
And I know there are certain things
that I probably should not say because of some
of
the counsel that I have received
here as of late
to refrain from how I say things
and how I go about saying it.
But I try to remain very transparent
and tell you exactly what I see
because you need to know
you're out of time.
Jesus Christ is coming. This could be
the last Resurrection Sunday on this
earth.
It could be.
It could be your last Resurrection
Sunday on this earth.
It's time to get your heart right with
Jesus Christ tonight. You're running out
of time. There
are
many of you that have been
playing church, and you go to church and
you go, you know, "I just visit
whenever I feel it's
convenient."Jesus
isn't convenient. He's a lifestyle.
I'm sold out.
I'm all in.
Jesus is my best friend.
And there are many of you that just play
church. I don't play church. I'm radical
about it.
And I want you to really decide
tonight. Are you all in? As we get ready
for this Resurrection Sunday tomorrow,
and
we pray again tomorrow as a family,
and we keep coming together. I'm
going to come on tomorrow afternoon
sometime, I don't know.
I want to do another video prayer
broadcast that will last a lot longer
tomorrow, and we're going to be praying
for revival. We're praying for the
nations. I got a text from that
minister from Mexico.
I want to tell you what
happened. He texted me
and,
how do I say it? Guillermo
Maldonado.
Forgive me, sir. I know he was watching.
Total attendance in
the crusade in Colombia,
the one we were praying for. I thought
it was Argentina, but it wasn't
Argentina. It was Colombia. And he
texted me the results of
it.
He said, "Are you praying for me?
I'm underneath a lot of pressure right now."There
were
a lot of things going
on that I won't go into right now,
but he said, "Would
you please pray for me, please? I need
your prayers."So, he texted me and he
said, "This is it. I'm on my way back
home."He
said, "Total attendance for the
crusade in Colombia,"which is amazing,
"40,812
people came to the conference."There
were
documented miracles that were prayed for
and had results where they saw the
fruit of the miracle. 367
people were healed with the
power of Jesus.
Pastors'attendance,
pastors from around
Colombia. There were over 972
churches represented.
Total souls won. How many people gave
their heart to Jesus Christ in that
Colombia crusade? 9,007
people gave their heart to Jesus Christ
in Colombia.
And then they had visuals and things, and
he said that there were things
that happened. He was just telling me
about the praise reports of people
getting set free from demonic stuff,
and so on and so on.
But we had a part in playing in it.
Remember I told you Charles Finney
would be nothing without
Nash, I believe is
his prayer warrior.
And the Lord instructed me specifically
to pray for Billy Burke's meetings,
pray for the services beforehand to lay the
groundwork for what's going on. And when
we prayed for it, even if we said it was
in Argentina, it was Colombia, the
Lord knew where we were praying for.
I believe you and me, the ones that are
here right now, had a big hand in that
harvest.
Over 40,000 people came to the service,
and over 9,000 people gave their heart
to Jesus Christ. And I believe we laid
the groundwork with our prayer team here
praying for him, going and doing that
with his team of ministers that went
over. Over almost a thousand
churches were
represented in that crusade.
So they'll take that fire and spread it
all over Colombia in the days
ahead.
It will spread. All it takes is a
spark.
And you get those pastors stirred up all
over, almost a thousand of them,
900-some
people. Boom. You get them and it
starts
spreading like fire all
throughout that nation.
And I truly believe Colombia is about to
have the greatest revival this world has
ever seen before.
It will go through Brazil,
Argentina, you're going to see
Venezuela, you're going to see Cuba,
you're going to see the greatest move of
God.
The Lord said South America will be on
fire for Him. And I believe that it just
takes a little bit of stirring up. He
said, "Brandon, I'm going to have 23
different nations in the next
year or whatever to go and
preach to these 23 different nations and
hold crusades just like
this."So,
I was excited about it. And guess
what? Our part will be praying for it.
Praying for the harvest. Praying for
a covering of protection over him.
And when he goes, and we pray over Billy
Burke when he goes to Tennessee next
week, praying over the services that
creative miracles will take place like
we've never seen before in these ministries. I
may not be
actually playing in the
game,
but I'm on the sidelines praying
for the players. It's
exciting to be a part of it when they call and
say, "Listen, we had over 40,000 people
show
up."So,
thank you for helping me pray.
Thank you for praying for
missionaries
and helping me be a part of this.
I believe we'll have our reward
in heaven for the 9,000 souls that we
were able to participate in prayer for.
And so, I really felt
a
breakthrough that night when we prayed
for that. So, that was exciting, huh?
And so, ready?
Was there anything else you wanted
to show?
$146 billion fraud they found in
California. Okay.
You can show this
guy. This congressman says if Trump
loses the midterms,
they're going to go after his
family,
his finances, they're going to
impeach him. They're going to do all
this stuff. And Nancy Pelosi said the
same thing. What did I tell you?
I saw them waiting, and they were
devising a plan to get ready to go after
him really strongly by the end of
the year.
Dividing, trying to cause a civil war in
this nation,
red against blue, to try to impeach
President Trump and remove him. That's
why I told you this is the most
important time we've ever seen before. To
pray for Byron Donalds in Florida. To pray for
Minnesota,
Mike Lindell, and the people
who are running for office that they
would win by a landslide, that the
people would rise up and have a backbone
like a crowbar, and we would pray for
this nation. And the Lord showed me two
paths
again.
And He said, "Brandon, I told
you, if My people who are called
by My name will humble themselves,
then we
would hear from heaven, and He would heal
our land."I saw a major prayer
gathering coming, and He said, "During
this time, pray for protection. Pray for
this. It's in May.
Pray for the decisions that
will
make
America take a major turn
in the month of August."Turning in August,
and we either go one way to the storm,
or we go this way to the blessing. And I
say pray for our nation and the
decisions that are going to be made
concerning who is in the midterm for our
governors and our senators and our House,
of how this nation will turn out
in
this
shaking to awaken. And even like my
friend Billy was saying today, "Brandon,
it seems like a lot of times people
always have to learn from the hard
things."And
I totally get that
because people are asleep.
If the church rises up and wakes up,
we're going to see
revival without all the consequences of
people being asleep. But we must wake up
as a church and get excited and radical
for the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
It's all about His return.
It's all about the coming of the Lord.
And we must get excited about it. He's
coming. So Byron Donalds, here it is. Byron Donalds is
46% in the poll, and these other people
are like 4%. They hardly have
anything. And then the other part is
not sure is 39%, which is a lot.
That means they're not decided. So we
pray. I saw Byron Donalds with an anointing on
him to lead Florida.
So, I'm praying for this Byron
Donalds
to rise up and win Florida with
a landslide.
I don't know the bald-headed guy,
and I sure don't know the guy with the
glasses,
but I know the other one because I've
been praying for him.
So, you know, we'll just continue to pray
for the right leaders. So,
anything else?
Okay.
No,
the
whole
crap
right there. I saw the
headlines.
Okay, right there. Ready?
Gavin Newsom. Play it.
I said there was more fraud in Florida
than what there was in Minnesota.
That's what the Lord showed us.
I'm sorry, California. I apologize.
There is more corruption in California
than what there was in Minnesota. The
Lord said they're going to
uncover it and uncover
it. But He said, "Watch this."Look at
the alert that happened on Fox today.
Ready? And then we're going to pray.
"America's fraud investigations bring
us to the Golden State of California.
Look at this number. $146
billion. Health and Human
Service
officials confirmed that number to Chris
Rufo as the staggering amount of fraud
in a single program in Gavin Newsom's
state Medicaid system.
Stop and think about that. $146 billion.
A single program. A single state. That is
slightly more than Warren Buffett's
estimated net worth. It is more than the
GDP of several small countries like the
Marshall Islands and Dominica, just to
name a few. And it is well over 100
billion dollars more than the most valuable NFL
team, the Dallas Cowboys. That is just
for Medicaid, just in California. So
imagine what the total number of fraud
is when you count all the social
programs in all 50 states. The Trump
administration is imagining that, and
they are now taking action in a stunning
raid of hospice facilities in Gavin
Newsom's California. Now, just this week,
the Justice Department announced eight
people were arrested accused of
defrauding the state out of more than
$50 million. That includes one couple who runs a hospice
care center in Anaheim. In a dramatic
fashion, authorities swarmed their
residence, sawing through the metal front
gates of the property and used a
loudspeaker
to get them to come outside. The
couple is accused of defrauding
taxpayers to the tune of $7 million.
And according to reports, their center
has been a problem for years. Over the
past 5 years, they reported more than
97%
of their patients lived. And that's in
hospice. That is unheard of. 90% of
patients on average die less than 6
months after admission in
America."Can
you believe that?
When the Lord said that the fraud was
bad in California,
that is staggering. 146
billion dollars.
I was just like,
"Oh my
God,"and
that's just the Medicare healthcare fraud.
Yeah.
Medical. Okay. And
a urine.
So the Lord said this is worse in
California than in Minnesota. And
he said it will be uncovered. But I
still saw an immunity. And I saw that
one governor
slithering on his belly, trying to get to
the White House with his tongue licking
the dirt.
And I told you there will be great things
uncovered, for great political theater
will take place in the year of
2026.
Political theater. That's what the Lord
showed us. Now this, on a positive
note, I thought this was pretty cool.
This is Ethiopia.
And Ethiopia had revival
this weekend on Good Friday.
And this is the service that they held
in Ethiopia for Jesus. So look at this.
There's
a lot of people.
They have their cell phones and candles
and all kinds of stuff.
Do you see all that?
That's hunger.
Ethiopia will be saved.
Look at that, folks.
All glory to Jesus. There's massive
gatherings of people; I bet
there's a million people there.
Isn't that amazing? It goes as far as
the eye can see, all underneath
that bridge and all around. There
are
people everywhere. Braden
was
showing that to me.
I thought that was pretty cool.
So, it's time to get excited. It's time
to wake up. I'm telling you, the harvest
is plentiful, and the laborers are few.
It's time. And that's why I got so
excited. You know, the
Lord's
talking to me about the theater,
about possibly trying to do a theater in
Branson and trying to do something with
my friend Billy Burke. And I told him, I
said, 'I want you to pray about
having a healing service in the central part
of America at least once a month or
whatever.'And
I thought that was pretty
interesting, you know, and he told me
he'd pray about it. When I
throw an idea out there, he'll
pray about it. But I just
am
excited. And if not him, then I
believe God would anoint my hands to do
it in a greater way, to
touch the nations for Jesus. But
I want you to see what this
astronaut said. This was interesting.
Now, I told you the last moon landing
was fake. I said that's what I saw. The
Lord said the 1960s moon landing was
fake.
And that's what we prayed. And I
said, 'But there is a new space race
coming as of the first,'which the Lord
told us. And they lost the rocket. And
they said, 'Here we are. We're going to
have all this new stuff about the
moon
landing.'So
this guy slips
and they go, 'Oh, he didn't mean it that
way.'No,
he did. Play the clip. I
thought that was pretty
interesting. We laughed about it.
'It might land wrong, but I'm
going to try anyway.
This is the first time we're going to
send humans to the moon, and we're going
to have humans in low Earth orbit.
That is awesome. As
humanity, we should take a brief moment
to go, 'That's awesome.'One of the
things that we most asked for and look
forward to is we are going to do a crew
conference between
Integrity and the International Space
Station, the crew that's up there.
I don't know, mate.
Just saying.
It's the first time,
you know, it's a big deal for humanity,
right?
50 years later,
right?'I
told you that this is what the
Lord said,
and we got it before they even said
it.
Isn't Jesus wonderful? Accuracy is
important. They admitted it. He admitted it.
At least he's real.
He's not trying to fake it. I don't know
if he even realized what he said,
but
I was like, well, okay.
At least he said it.
It's the first time, folks.
It's a big deal for humanity.
Last time we were in Area 51, but I
didn't realize, you know.
And then this
moon rock given
to Holland by Neil Armstrong and Buzz
Aldrin is fake.
They tested it. It's not a real rock.
All things come out when you try to hide
it.
So it's sad but not funny,
but here we go. We're about to have
a moon base, and the Lord told us about
it. And he said, 'Watch what they do in
the days ahead.
They're in a mad
rush.'Why?
Because they see something coming.
Why all of a sudden are we doing it so
quickly? The Lord said, 'Because there's
something
coming.'And
I heard them. I could see
the table, and I was able to look
at the figures and the lines. It looked
like some kind of geometry and all this
other stuff that was going on on this
table that was
graphs,
and I saw computer screens, and I was in
the office. I could see them in this
room,
and the Lord said a major asteroid is
coming,
and they think it could miss, but
they're wrong.
It won't miss. It will hit, and my word
already told you it would. It's called
Wormwood.
Wormwood is on its way.
And as the Lord showed me, he said,
'Scientists in China
are more accurate than the ones
knowing about it in America. America
is
not taking it as seriously as
China was.'I saw these
Asian men, and they were moving
around in a panic
because of what they saw coming.
And if you remember, I saw
the guy that built Facebook. He was in a
bunker, and he was looking out the bunker,
and he knew something was
coming too.
He built a huge bunker,
and the Lord showed me there's a reason
why these elite men that have all
the money know something's coming.
Well, it is coming.
We all know Wormwood's in the Bible,
and it will hit in the Atlantic Ocean. I
saw it, and it will
bubble all the fish.
I saw the fish boiling. I saw the fish,
and they all died. And it wasn't all
the fish in all the oceans. But whenever
you're looking into one ocean and you
see all the fish in one ocean, the
Atlantic, die, it was
millions and millions of
fish. Octopuses, whales, all kinds of
things. Go ahead.
Okay.
Elon Musk.
Absolutely.
Yeah, but Elon Musk, it's absolutely...
No, it's actually going to hit.
It
is going to hit. Their math is wrong.
The Lord said it.
He said, 'This is actually going to hit
the earth.'And he said, 'I've already
told you it would in my
word.'If
they just read their Bible, they'd know
it's coming.
The Bible already told us that a major
Wormwood rock is going to hit the earth.
It's going to shake the earth.
Thank God for the word.
There's nothing new.
He's already warned us of what was
coming. And so to those that have ears
to hear, let them hear what the Spirit
is saying. And if you read your Bible,
you'll know,
but here we are. Elon Musk is
talking about it now. Why are they in
such a rush?
What's going on? I said, it's coming
quick.
We're running out of time. They know
the
signs of the times and the coming of the
Lord Jesus Christ. It's exciting to be
at this time.
So, here we are.
And I said, they actually hit
it with a laser.
Remember I told you it's a green laser?
They hit it from out of the Gulf.
They hit this green laser. And whenever
it hits the water, it covers the
islands.
It covers San Juan, Puerto Rico.
There's a massive tsunami wave that
washes inland of Miami for miles, it
looks like. Can you show them that
short?
So, let's pray for the churches tonight.
Let's pray for tomorrow. I haven't had
real strong
pulses concerning the churches as of
right now.
All day today I was praying over things,
but it was mainly about what I've been
talking to you about, praying over
my own life and a lot of things that are
going on with me right now and decisions
that I have to make.
I've had to take a
couple of days and just ask Father where
He wants us and what He wants us to be
doing. There are things that I know
I've got to make some big decisions
on, maybe
having a relocation and doing some
things in Branson, and just praying
about things and seeing where the
Lord wants us, because I know we're at
the end here and Jesus is coming.
A great revival is about to spring
forth in this earth, and I don't
want to be behind it. I want to be in
front of it or ready for what's about to
take place. You know, it's like you can
play catchup or you can be ahead of it.
I know we're
about to see something major in this
earth. A major revival, a major harvest
of souls.
Exciting times, right?
So all right, do you want to pray with me
tonight? Let's pray for a little bit.
We'll pray for the nations. We'll pray
for everything.
I think that was a good briefing, huh?
Yeah, that was great. I think it was good.
I'm proud of that. You did good
tonight.
I like all that stuff you showed. That's
fun. Yeah.
The
Father Nash book is amazing.
I didn't know
who it was, but Diana has been reading that,
and I'm telling you that book is
amazing.
She'll be on tomorrow night with me
and she'll read some more of it.
She got some more from
somebody else, and it's a little article
or whatever she wants to read to you and
everything. Who likes when
Diana's
on with me? She says,
'I don't ever want to be on there
that much, Brandon,'but I told her,
'Baby, I love it when you're
on with me.'I said, 'I glean so
much from you when you're around me and
help
me pray, and it's a
blessing.'I
love it when my wife's on
with me and she reads.
It's nicer for me.
So,
Father, I just thank you for
the body.
I thank you, Father, for what you did
for us. And as we go into Resurrection
Sunday, I thank you, Father, that the
Vatican, everything is safe in Europe.
Father, I'm so grateful for
every single person represented
here tonight.
I'm so thankful, Father, for all
that you've done and all that you're
going to do. Healing belongs to us.
Deliverance belongs to us. Father, that
no weapon formed against us
would
prosper. A thousand shall fall at our
side and 10,000 at our right hand, but
nothing shall come nigh us. I thank you,
Father, for every person
represented here tonight,
that they are believing for a
supernatural Easter miracle.
And I believe that tonight is their
supernatural Easter miracle time.
Father, we are about to see the
greatest demonstrations and
manifestations as people go to church
tomorrow who haven't been in so
long. I ask you, Father, to fan their
flame as they go to sleep tonight.
They're waking up, and here it is.
Father, they're getting ready to go to
bed to get up tomorrow. I bless them,
Father, and I thank you that
when they go to church tomorrow, they
get a fresh impartation of the Holy
Spirit, that
you give them a fresh
visitation. And Father, we lift up this
body right now, and we give you all the
glory, honor, and praise as we go into
this beautiful Easter weekend, this
Easter day tomorrow. And we thank you,
Lord, that by your stripes
we're
healed. And we give you glory, honor,
and praise for it in the name of Jesus.
Do
you have it ready? I believe
it.
It shows the asteroid going into
the water.
Father, I plead the blood.
We apply the blood. We rebuke every
demonic assignment, hexes, vexes,
and satanic agendas against us. We
take authority over it in Jesus'name. We
apply the blood of Jesus over us from
the top of our heads to the soles of our
feet. And we thank you, Lord, that no
weapon formed against us will prosper.
We thank you, Lord, that every tongue
that rises against us, we condemn it.
And we plead the blood all around
us right now in Jesus'name. From the
north, the south, the east, the west, we
put angels all around us tonight,
Father, in the name of Jesus. And I take
the blood and I apply the blood over us.
And we give you glory, honor, and praise,
for we make much of the blood, and the
blood makes much of us.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that it
never has lost its power over all the
time and the years
that went by. You say, 'Well, is
there a time limit for the blood of
Jesus?'No,
there's no time limit on the
precious blood of Jesus. It never has
gotten old.
When He said, 'It is
finished,'what
He set out to do, He made us have
victory from the top of our heads to the
soles of our feet. We have victory over
the devil. We don't have to be afraid of
the devil. We don't have to be worried
about what's coming on this earth
or
fearful sights because, why? We're
looking up because our redemption draws
nigh. And it's because of the blood that
covers us.
We're covered by the
blood. It is from the top of our
heads,
like I said, to the soles of our
feet. The blood covers us and
washes away all our sins. Thank you,
Lord, for the blood tonight in
Jesus'name.
Amen.
Aren't you so glad you're born again?
Comment in that comment section, are
you so glad
that you're born again?
Aren't you so glad that you don't have
to go to hell?
If you die tonight, you know who you
serve and where you're
going. The moment to be absent from the
body is to be present with the Lord.
Isn't it exciting to have that
expectation that if I take my last
breath, I'm with my Jesus forever?
I'm not afraid of what my future holds.
No matter what they try to do, no matter
what people say, no matter what comes.
Oh, Father, I thank You, Lord, that
the moment I take my last breath on this
earth, I'm with You and I'll be with You
in paradise forever.
How many of you all right now can say
that?
How many of you all tonight know that
if this was your last moment
on earth, that tomorrow, the moment you
die, you're going to be with Jesus for
eternity?
Well, it's our blessed assurance.
Blessed assurance, Jesus is mine.
Oh, what a foretaste
of glory divine!
I'm an heir of salvation,
purchased of God, born of His
Spirit,
washed in His blood.
Do you believe that?
This is my story,
this is my song,
praising
my Savior
all the day long.
This is my story,
this is my song,
praising my Savior
all the day long.
I'm watching and waiting,
looking above.
Are you excited?
I hope you are.
He's coming. He's coming sooner than you
think.
I believe with all my heart Jesus is
coming. Do you have that video you want
to show them real quick?
No.
It doesn't matter, honey. You
can play it
next time.
Father, we're so grateful for
the blood. We're so grateful, Father.
This is my story. This is my song. Do
you have the words for that? Were
those
the words?
Blessed assurance,
Jesus
is mine.
Oh, what a foretaste
of glory divine,
heir of salvation,
purchased of God,
born of His Spirit,
washed in His blood.
This is my story.
Glory!
This is my song,
praising my Savior
all the day long.
This is my story,
this is my song,
praising my Savior
all the day long.
Perfect submission,
perfect delight.
Visions of rapture
now burst.
What was that?
Was
she okay?
Bursting in sight. Angels
descending,
bringing from above
echoes of mercy,
whispers of love.
I didn't know these verses. That's
interesting. But I figured it goes the
same way.
Perfect submission,
all is at rest.
I am in my Savior
am happy and blessed.
Watching and waiting,
looking above,
filled with His goodness,
lost in His love.
That's beautiful, B. I love it.
I'm excited.
I start looking when I come to Easter
and I see
all that He's done for us. You know,
Christmas is always beautiful because we
celebrate His birth.
But just what He did on the cross for
us.
For God so loved the world
that He gave.
He gave, and in His giving, He reaps a
harvest of all of us.
Every single one of us He reaped. This is
His harvest, His children.
We meant so much to Him
that He gave His life. He suffered and
He died
to a world that was lost. He gave all
that He could give to show us the reason
to live.
Why?
Because
He loves you.
I believe with all my heart there are so
many of you that might be watching right
now and you're like, 'Oh, I'm not into
all that religious
stuff.'I'm
not talking about religion.
I am not talking about religion tonight.
I'm talking about a relationship with a
Jesus that loves you.
I can honestly tell you all, I
cannot stand religion.
I cannot stand tradition.
'This is the way we've always done it.
It's the way Sister Clipboard's doing
it.'You
know, up there taking
notes,
all this stuff. I can't stand that part
of church.
In fact, it's a stench to me.
But whenever I got real with God and God
got real with me,
He became real to me.
When I stopped thinking about what you
think, the clipboard ladies
taking notes and all this stuff, and I
just go, 'You know what about all
this? This is about a relationship with
Him.'Regardless
of what church and
what denomination you're
affiliated with,
I just wanted a God I could talk to.
I just wanted a relationship.
'Teach me how to pray.
Teach me how to be more of a friend
to
You.'If
Abraham could be a friend of God, I
want to be a friend of God, too. He's no
respecter of persons, but He is a
respecter of faith.
But I want you to know Jesus Christ
loves you.
And tonight
as we get ready to celebrate
Resurrection Sunday tomorrow,
morning services, sunrise services, and
all these things,
I want to know,
and I want to ask you the question:
do you know Jesus Christ?
If you have a relationship with Jesus
Christ, I'm telling you, your life is
going to be forever changed.
He'll change you from the inside out.
He did so much for you. He's a
gentleman. He never forces His way into
your life. He'll always knock at your
door and say, 'Will you let Me in?
Can I turn your mess around and make it
into a message? Can I turn your life
around?'But
it's your choice every single day
to either humble yourself and pray and
read your Bible.
He gave us free will. Everybody has the
same 24 hours in a day,
seven
days a week.
But it's your choice whether you open
your eyes and say, 'Welcome Jesus.
Welcome Holy Spirit. I want a
relationship with
You.'The
Bible says He's an
ever-present help in a time of need.
But yet we have so much pride to
think that Jesus doesn't love us. Maybe,
I don't know.
I believe with all my heart that the
Bible says that He wishes that
none should perish. None. Nobody,
but all come to repentance.
That's what the Bible says. And I
believe the Word of God versus what you
believe.
The Bible says that He wants all of us
to come to repentance. Every one of us.
John is a perfect one.
That whosoever—are you a whosoever
that
believes in Him? Are you a whosoever?
Whosoever is anybody.
And I just want you to be real with
yourself tonight as we get ready to have
Resurrection Sunday tomorrow. The most
beautiful day of the year.
The day that He took it all and He rose
again, and He kicked the devil in the
teeth, and He rose from that grave, and
He said, 'I triumphed. I triumphed over
him. I made you today. I'm more than a
conqueror.'You're
more than a conqueror.
Greater works will you do now.
But you have to get real with God
and stop being religious.
Stop being
a denomination. Just be Jesus, and be
with Jesus, and be sold out to Him. I
just want to be with Him. I don't care
about all this other stuff. I just want
Him.
And when you just have Him,
and you accept Him as your Lord and
personal Savior,
and you're sold out to Him, it becomes
so real to you. I don't want grandma's
religion. I just want a relationship with
a risen King.
I want you to get real with God just
like that.
All this other stuff is just stuff. It's
just trash.
Man-made theology.
All this stuff. I don't care. I just
want Him.
Read your Bible. Pray. Have a relationship
with Him.
Stop making things so complicated.
He made it so a child could do it, but
yet we're adults and we think
everything's so complicated.
'Well, did I take communion right?
I don't know if that was
right. I probably should read a book
on that,
you know. I don't know. Did I
read the Bible right? Well, this is
anointing oil. What do I do with it? I
don't know.'We complicated everything.
Be as a child.
How does a child act?
A
child playing in the dirt,
playing with his cars, everything.
Doesn't
have a care in the world.
have a care in the world because
he just trusts his parents are going to
take care of him.
She's just playing with her dollies
because she has
trust
that mom and dad are going to take care
of her.
We must come to God not as
spiritual adults, but come to Him as His
children. Children think differently
than adults do.
Children don't take all the
burdens of the world on. They don't. It's
all just simple. 'I need You.
Daddy, I'm broke. I broke this toy. Can you
fix it?
I want you to fix
this.'And
all it needed was some new
batteries.
But it's so complicated. That child right
there. It's, 'Oh, God, but
Lord,
I specialize in
this.'But
if you just get real with God
tonight,
stop being so religious. It's not
Catholic. It's not Baptist. It's not
Church of Christ. It's not
charismatic. It's not
non-denominational. It's just
Jesus. I need You.
I'm not signing up for a religious
service. I'm not signing up for a
religious congregation on what tent I'm
going to decide to be in.
I just want to sign up with Jesus. I want
Jesus.
Give me Jesus.
What must I do to be saved?
I don't want to go to hell.
I want to go to heaven.
So tonight, I want you to be real with
me. Be real with the people that are on
this live church. Say, 'Hey, Brandon, you're
talking to me. I want Jesus
tonight.'I
want to be bold about my faith and
tell somebody in the comment section
right now in the live chat, 'I
want to be saved. Will you just pray
for me
as I get ready to
enter
this Resurrection Sunday?'I want to go
into Resurrection Sunday with a
resurrected
Savior on the inside of me.
So, there are so many of you that watch
after and you always tell me, 'Brandon,
you don't realize how many people
are coming to Jesus.'I got an email
from somebody this week that said, 'I got
born again two years ago, and my life has
been radically changed
watching your videos every single week.
I just want to tell you thank
you.'I
had another person that was Chinese.
They were Buddhists.
She's this
dear, sweet lady who lives
in Dallas. And Diana read the text.
She actually texted Diana and
she said,
'It's been two years today
that I gave my heart to Jesus Christ
watching your video.'She was a Buddhist,
and all her family was Buddhist, and they
all gave their heart to Jesus Christ
watching this.
But tonight's your night for your family
to change. Tonight's your night that you
can watch this video and say, 'Brandon,
if you prayed for a Buddhist
to
get saved and they got saved, and you
prayed for a devil worshipper and they
got
saved, if you pray for all these
different things, and oh my gosh,
what about me?'Tonight's your night.
Jesus is standing there with open arms
waiting, waiting to receive you.
But you've got to come to the end of
yourself and say, 'Listen, I can't do
this on my own
anymore.
I need
Him.'As
I read the text, I wept.
As Diana read the text
of the person who was Buddhist
and
read the Bible, their mama gave her
heart to Jesus Christ.
Families
getting born again, and they were
Buddhists
going to hell,
and God touched their life through this
channel. And to hear her say, 'I was once
lost but now I'm found, and I gave my
heart to Jesus
because of you telling me about
Him.'It
blessed me so,
and I can't wait to hear your testimony
that
you were once lost and found too.
But first, you got to say this prayer.
And I believe with all my heart that
tonight's your night of a great
turnaround.
Say, 'Jesus,
I believe You are the Son of God.
I believe You died for me and You rose
again on the third day.
Jesus, as of tonight,
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on the sin that I was
doing. I turn my back on the
stuff of that world, the darkness.
And tonight, Lord, I'm sold out to You,
Jesus. I make You my Lord and personal
Savior.
I want You to come in me.
Abide in me. Flood me with Your
presence.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life
today.
Jesus, I'm sold out to You. From this day
forward, I will serve You with all my
heart.
Jesus, I am a sinner, but today I repent
of my sins. And I thank You, Lord, that
You said in Your Word that as far as the
east is from the west, I've taken your
sins from you.
And the moment you confess your sins, I
am faithful and just to forgive you of
your sins and cleanse you of all
unrighteousness.'That's
what His Word says.
So, Father, I confess.
I have done so much wrong.
And tonight, Lord, I repent.
Forgive me.
Help me.
I can't do this anymore without You.
I'm sold out to You, Father. I thank
You, Lord, that if I was to die tonight,
I'll be with You in paradise forever.
Thank You, Lord, that You wrote my
name in the Lamb's Book of Life,
and I'm forever Yours
in
Jesus'name.
Amen. And amen. I believe if you just
said that little prayer,
as simple as it is,
you may
be like, 'Brandon, I don't know. Can I
do this?'Hey, listen.
The moment you sin, if you mess up
again, you run to God when you sin. You
don't run away from Him.
You must run to God when you sin. You
say, 'Brandon, I can't do this without
Him.'He
said He's with you. He'll
never leave you and He'll never forsake
you. He's not up there saying, 'Well,
you're on your own,
pal.'No,
He's there with you. He will help you.
He's an ever-present help in a time of
need. Run to God when you mess up.
So, confess your sins. It's done. Now, what
do you do? Go to a
Bible-believing
church. I'd say wake up tomorrow morning
and go to your first Resurrection
Sunday. Go to a non-denominational
church. That's what I would go to. You
know, you can go wherever you want to
go,
but make sure they're teaching you the
word of God. You want to go to a Baptist
church, go to a Baptist church. But make
sure they're teaching you the word of
God.
Find a Bible-believing church. Get
plugged in there.
Get excited about going and go
on
Sundays and Wednesdays and get
plugged in. Go to a prayer group, whatever
they've
got going on. Come over here, like,
subscribe, be a part of our channel,
pray with us,
and learn about your new
life with the Lord.
Now, if you don't have a Bible and you
just gave your heart to Jesus Christ
tonight, we will give you a
Bible for free just to be a blessing to
you. My wife and I do it. It's our
ministry. We love to bless new
believers with Bibles. If you don't have
a Bible, just email us in the
description down below. Say, 'I just
got saved. I would love to have a free
Bible for accepting Jesus
tonight.'Now,
we'll send it to you. No
questions asked. We're just
celebrating your decision tonight.
Just tell us your email
address—I
mean, not email,
your address and your name, a place of
where to send it to you. Don't just
say, 'I got saved.'She
doesn't
have time to research every
one of you. There are too many of you.
You have to say, 'I got saved,'in the
headline. 'I want a Bible, and my name, and
my address.'An address in the United
States of America. Okay? So, please do
that so it makes it easier on my wife.
And so, we'll do it to just be a
blessing to you. Now, go to church, get
plugged in. We're excited. And come back
and pray with us. Welcome,
welcome, welcome to the family. All 62
of you that gave your heart to Jesus
Christ tonight, welcome to the family.
All 62 of you that have made Jesus
Christ your Lord and personal
Savior, we love you. We're so excited
you're here. Like I said, it isn't
religion to us. It's a relationship.
I'm so tired of religion.
I want a relationship with Jesus. So, 62
people gave their heart to Jesus Christ.
Welcome, welcome, welcome to the family.
Isn't that wonderful? Welcome,
Resurrection Sunday. And then we'll have
many more to come. We have seven other
channels.
And if you don't speak English,
you can go
to—we
have a Spanish channel, we have a
Portuguese channel, we have a French
channel, we have a German channel, we
have a Russian channel, we have a
Japanese channel, we have a Chinese
channel, we have
a South Korean channel,
and so on and so on. So there are so
many others that we translate
into
each of those languages so you can
watch it in your own language. If you
don't
speak English well enough,
and
you're like, 'I can't understand a
thing you're saying,'well, we
have these seven other channels that all
speak these different languages. So,
we're so excited to have those and
they're growing
every day. We get new
subscribers and people coming from all
around the world. And it's exciting to
have all those seven different channels
that are speaking different languages,
and we're leading people to Jesus
over there, too. I think our
channel that grows the fastest is China.
China grows really fast. This
is
exciting,
bee,
right?
You okay?
All right.
Well, like I said, all right. You want
to pray now? Let's pray now. But I just
felt to do that before it got much
later.
And so, it's 11 now. So, you did it
right before Easter
Sunday is here. You gave your
heart to Jesus Christ before Easter
Sunday, for all 62 of you. Isn't
that
really cool? So Father, we just
lift up the services tomorrow before
you.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Father, for Easter.
Thank you, Father, for this Resurrection
Sunday. We apply the blood of Jesus over
every church service that is represented
here. We thank you, Father, that the
angels of the Lord are camped around and
about every single person that is going
to the services. We plead the blood over
it, Father, in the name of Jesus, from
the north, the south, the east, the
west. I lift up Cornerstone Church. We
lift up
Lakewood. We lift up Victory. We lift
up Life Churches and all over
America. Father, we cover our brothers
and sisters in the blood. Over in
Australia, we cover them in the blood as
they go to Resurrection Sunday. We cover
them in the blood in Jesus'name. Every
plot, every plan, every pursuit in the
name of Jesus across this land, we bind
you and we break your power in
Jesus'name.
We believe, Father, that the
angels of the Lord are camped around and
about every church service that is
represented here tonight.
We cover them in the blood. We thank
you, Lord. We make much of the blood. And
we tell you, Satan, you're under our
feet.
You will not hinder us, harm us, or hurt
us in any way.
We put angels all around us in the name
of Jesus.
Now, Father, I pray over our pastors
that when the people come back into
church tomorrow that there's a
supernatural covering over them. Father,
I thank you, Lord, that they'll
experience the glory of the Lord when
they go in there. That they'll have that
tangible presence like Kathryn Kuhlman
did walking into that Methodist church.
She gave her heart to Jesus Christ and
she was forever changed. I believe,
Father, that there's a new generation
rising up right now of new believers,
Father, and that today, tomorrow,
Father, they're going to have their
experience with you,
their 'come
to Jesus'moment.
And I thank you, Father, that it would
be real to them and would stir them from
the top of their head to the soles of
their feet. That they will never be the
same.
I call in the harvest in Jesus'name. We
call in the manifestation of the glory
over these services, that the pastors and
the staff
would be ready
to receive the people.
But Father, when they go, we thank you,
Lord, that the angels of the Lord are
camped around and about them.
That
every plot, every plan, every
pursuit of a demonic force that tries to come
against them, Father, of any kind of
terrorist attack from ISIS or any kind
of mess, Hamas, any of it. Father, we
apply the blood over the services and we
say, Satan, you will not touch our
churches in Jesus'name, from all
around the world. We call the blessing
over our church services, healing and
manifestations of the glory.
We thank you, Lord.
And Father, they'll get excited about
being there.
They'll get excited about celebrating
Jesus there,
Father. And let this be a time like
we've never seen before
where
the glory of the Lord has risen upon
us. Father, I thank you, Lord. I thank
you that we arise and shine
for the light has come and the glory of
the Lord has risen on us, Father. And
that they see that we're different. That
the church would be different now.
They
haven't been back to church in 10
years. No, it's time.
It's time to come back to Jesus.
Now, Father, I lift up our president
today. I lift up President
Trump. I pray over him, Father, that he
has a refreshing over him, Father, that
he is seeking you and he'll find you. I
pray for godly wisdom over his mind in
Jesus'name.
I pray for a supernatural covering.
Braden, keep my time up.
I pray for a supernatural covering in
Jesus'name
over President Trump. Father,
that
there's a covering over him, that his
mind is sharp and alert. That Father,
whatever is bothering him,
Father, he takes no counsel of the
ungodly. I pray a supernatural healing
over his body from the top of his head
to the soles of his feet. I plead the
blood of Jesus over President Trump. I
thank you, Lord, over his kids. I pray
over his children that
his children are always in the right
place at the right time. I say, Father,
over Don Jr., Eric, Tiffany, Barron,
and Ivanka, Father, I cover them in
the blood. And over Kai, we cover them in
the blood. That no weapon formed against
them would prosper.
Father, we're so grateful, Father, that
you've
got JD Vance and his wife and his
children.
Father, that this would be a time of
refreshing, but Father, more importantly,
that they would find you in a deeper,
more intimate relationship than
they've ever had before. That this would
be a time of supernatural stirring in
our president. That
you would put supernatural
relationships around him, Father,
of
people that would encourage him on how
to run this nation in a godly fashion,
Father, all the way through midterms,
all the way to 2027, 2028,
to bring the finances of America back to
a stronger place than we've ever seen
before.
I call in the harvest money
for supernatural increase
over America,
that
Father, we get out of this
recession.
People don't see well, you know,
everybody's talking about a recession.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we are
out of that. That Father, this will
turn around. That Father, crypto
and the things that need to happen will
happen.
Father, that we'll not lack any good
thing, that we are soaring and going
from glory to glory, for a
greater manifestation of the glory is on
our households in
Jesus'name.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us
now. Father, I pray over people's
marriages tonight. I thank you, Father,
that they're finding new fresh love in
their marriages. Father, that you're
stirring in the households. Father, that
the husbands are loving on the wives and
the wives are loving on the husbands.
There's no strife. We call for peace
that passes understanding over their
marriages in the name of Jesus. Father,
I thank you, Lord, that their children
are rising up right now in
the
way they should go. And when they get
older, they will not depart from
it. Father, I thank you, Lord, that
they're being trained up in a godly
relationship with you. Father, I thank
you, Lord, that we're bringing Jesus back
into
our homes again.
That
Father, people find
relationship, and that fathers will
lead their kids to Jesus. That they'll
be that leader in the home to take the
family to church, to pray with the
children, to pray with the wife, to pray
as a husband and to be a leader in their
household. That as for me and my house,
we will serve the Lord. We're calling
forth
great stirring in the
homes, stirring in the churches.
I believe, Father,
that revival starts with us.
Revival starts with me and my
house. That revival starts with
Diana
and me and the children. Father,
that when people see us, they go,
'There's something different about
them.'I
believe it, Father,
that this is the time like we've never
seen before for the glorious church to
arise.
I call for a shaking in the Catholic
Church. I call for a shaking in the Baptist
Church. I call for a shaking in the Church
of Christ. I thank you, Lord, for the
Church of God,
for
all of them. Father, every tribe,
every tongue, there'll be a
major move of God.
Thank you, Father,
that
we are leaning into you
in a supernatural relationship with you,
Father, for these last days.
That we're not in dead religion,
but
in a relationship.
I just keep emphasizing that tonight.
All this about religion all the time. I
get so tired of the religious stuff.
'Well, what denomination do you
claim?'I
claim Jesus.
I claim Jesus, my risen Savior, my
Savior forever. He sought me and he
bought me with his redeeming
blood.
He loved me ere
I knew him, and all my love is due him.
I believe that he plunged me
to victory
beneath the cleansing flood.
I heard an old, old story,
how a Savior came from glory.
Do you have the words for that?
How he gave his life on Calvary
to save a wretch like me.
Victory in Jesus.
You can put it up there.
I heard an old, old story, how a Savior
came from glory.
How he gave his life on Calvary
to save a wretch like me.
I heard about his
groaning,
of his precious
blood's
atoning.
Then I repented
of my sins and won the victory.
Oh, victory
in Jesus,
my Savior
forever.
He sought me and he bought me with his
redeeming
blood.
He loved me ere
I knew him, and all my love is due to him.
He plunged me to victory
beneath the cleansing flood.
Keep going. Verse two.
I heard about his healing,
of his cleansing power revealing,
and how he made the lame to walk again
and caused the blind to see.
And then I cried, 'Dear Jesus,
come heal my broken
spirit.'I
don't know how that goes
because
I don't remember hearing it that
much in church. And some sweet day I'll
sing up there the song of victory.
There it goes.
Oh, victory
in Jesus,
my Savior
forever.
He sought me and he bought me with his
redeeming
blood.
He loved me ere
I knew him, and all my love is due to him.
He plunged me to victory
beneath the cleansing flood.
Those old songs!
Father, I thank you, Lord,
that that's what you did for me.
And as the people come back to church
tomorrow,
I thank you, Father,
that you're stirring in them.
We're so grateful
that we have victory in Jesus.
Victory in Jesus!
Thank you, Father, for your healing.
Thank you, Father, for your deliverance.
Thank you, God, for how good you've been
to us, every single one of us. And
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the
covering over these nations.
I thank you, Father, for bringing
revival all throughout North Korea
and
South Korea.
Father, I thank you that this just
might be one of the last Easters on this
earth that we will see as a body,
knowing
that Jesus, you're coming.
I thank you, Father,
that we have victory in Jesus.
Every single one of us, Father, has an
expectation
for something we're
believing for.
And I thank you, Lord, that you're
becoming so real to them.
Tonight, Father, the expiration
date for what they're believing for is
coming to pass.
Father, as they go and lay their
heads
on their pillows tonight, I ask you,
Father, to become so real to them in
their dreams,
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. When they lay
their heads on their pillows tonight,
Father, I thank you for that
sweet Holy Spirit. You flow and
change them from the inside out.
I thank you, Father, that you visit them
in the midnight hour.
Father, when they wake up, they're
refreshed and ready to go.
We give you all the glory, honor, and
praise for it.
We thank you, Father, that we'll
have good reports tomorrow
about how you came through and that
nobody had any kind of terrorist attack.
There is a peace that passes all
understanding over this nation. And
Father, the great awakening is
taking
place even on this Sunday.
Thank you, Father.
Father, I pray for their finances
tonight. There are so many people that are
lacking.
I pray, Father, for
supernatural
increase over their finances. Father, when they put their hands to something, I thank you that you said in your word that it would prosper,
that they would lack no good thing. I bless them in the name of Jesus with supernatural increase over their finances.
Father, this will be a
time of great debt cancellation. As
they go into this month, they're
believing for supernatural increase,
Father, with jobs and better jobs,
raises and bonuses, benefits, sales and
commissions, growth in business, growth
in estates and inheritances, rebates and
returns, checks in the mail, gifts and
surprises, finding money, bills paid
off, and bills decreased. We believe,
Father, that this is a time for
supernatural turnaround in their
finances. When they look
back, they'll say, 'We know, Father,
our redeemer lives. Look at what the
Lord has done.'In every area of our
lives,
we say, 'Look at what the Lord
has done. He is our provider. He is
Jehovah Jireh. He takes care of
us.'And
Father, we believe that you are the God
that healeth us and provides for us.
Father, this will be a time
like never before to
go from glory to glory.
It's time
for creative ideas to get wealth,
creative ideas to prosper, creative
ideas, Father, to spread your gospel
throughout this whole world.
We believe it
and we receive it tonight in
Jesus'name.
Amen and amen. I told you I wouldn't try
to keep you too long tonight, and we'll
pray again tomorrow. I told you because I
want you all to get up and go to church
tomorrow for Easter. I don't want to
keep you so you say,
'Brandon, I stayed
up praying too late with you,
and I'm not going tomorrow
morning.'Go
to a local church, support it, and get
excited about what God's doing. Easter
Sunday is here, and it's a time that you
want to be there. Don't forsake the assembling
of yourselves with your brethren, and get
excited about what God is doing in these
last days.
They need your smiling face.
Go and smile. Be a light.
You might sit next to a person who's
coming, and they've been wayward, and
they're there, and you say something to
them and they're like, 'You know what?
I'm glad I'm
here,'just
because you gave them a good smile.
Be that light in the darkness.
When you go out to eat tomorrow
for Sunday dinner, and you go out
somewhere, be a light to the waitress or
waiter.
Show Jesus to people,
because
the only Jesus people will see may
be
the Jesus in you and the Jesus in me.
You need to be that light.
Let them see Him in your eyes tomorrow.
Show Jesus to the world tomorrow. If you
go out to Golden Corral or something
and
have a big buffet, show Jesus to the
waiter by not trashing the table and
leaving dirty dishes. Stack them up.
Make things nice. Give them a good tip and
say,
'Hey, we just want to love on you.'You
have
to show Jesus whenever you go to
a drive-thru or do something. Show Jesus
to people.
Let them see it on you. You
might say,
'Hey, how are you doing today? Man,
it was a rough
day.'Sometimes
you feel that way,
but just show them Jesus.
So, we love you.
Maybe you have your new Easter outfit
tomorrow. You wear your new clothes. My
mom always used to try to get us new
Easter clothes when we went to church. I
told Pastor Chip, I said, 'You've got
to have a new shirt for Easter. You've got
to have a new coat for Easter.
Wear a new jacket.
Be a blessing to somebody.
Let them see Jesus in you tomorrow.
You've
got to do
it.'Maybe
you go out, like I said, and
you have
your new slacks on and your new
shirt. Maybe you have something new to wear
for the Easter service. My mom always tried
to do that when I was a kid. I remember
getting
new shoes. What are you going to wear
for Easter Sunday? My sister would
always get a little dress from
my
grandma.
We'd be excited to go to
church as a family and have dinner that day.
Grandma would fix a meal.
It's always such a beautiful time.
Memories.
Make memories with your kids.
Make memories with your family.
It's good.
We love you. We're so thankful that you
came tonight. I know I only kept you for
an hour and a half. I didn't dip
real deep in the river tonight, but it
was
enough where I felt okay.
We covered the services and everything
and just wanted to love on you. Thank
you for coming. Thank you for being
here. We'll pray deeper tomorrow. Diana
will be with me, and we'll pray for
Easter, so bring your family. We'll
pray longer tomorrow. I'll come on
earlier so you won't be up so late. We
love y'all. Put a smile on your face and
a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so
much, and we love you. God bless you.
Have a good night. Bye-bye.